bowl next to cup
bowl next to cup
look bowl
cup next to knife
look cup  
cup next to knife
knife next to cup
look knife
knife next to cup
shampoo next to bowl
look shampoo 
shampoo next to bowl
look firstaid
firstaid next to bowl
firstaid next to cup
look saucepan
saucepan next to shampoo
saucepan next to knife
wheel next to bowl
wheel next to shampoo
look wheel
gamehandle next to knife
gamehandle next to cup
look gamehandle
sharpiebox next to cup 
sharpiebox next to bowl
look sharpiebox 
look barrel
barrel next to cup
barrel next to knife
plate next to bowl
plate next barrel
look plate 
bowl next to cup
bowl next to cup
look bowl
cup next to knife
look cup  
cup next to knife
knife next to cup
look knife
knife next to cup
shampoo next to bowl
look shampoo 
shampoo next to bowl
look firstaid
firstaid next to bowl
firstaid next to cup
look saucepan
saucepan next to shampoo
saucepan next to knife
wheel next to bowl
wheel next to shampoo
look wheel
gamehandle next to knife
gamehandle next to cup
look gamehandle
sharpiebox next to cup 
sharpiebox next to bowl
look sharpiebox 
look barrel
barrel next to cup
barrel next to knife
plate next to bowl
plate next barrel
look plate 
bowl next to cup
bowl next to cup
look bowl
cup next to knife
look cup  
cup next to knife
knife next to cup
look knife
knife next to cup
shampoo next to bowl
look shampoo 
shampoo next to bowl
look firstaid
firstaid next to bowl
firstaid next to cup
look saucepan
saucepan next to shampoo
saucepan next to knife
wheel next to bowl
wheel next to shampoo
look wheel
gamehandle next to knife
gamehandle next to cup
look gamehandle
sharpiebox next to cup 
sharpiebox next to bowl
look sharpiebox 
look barrel
barrel next to cup
barrel next to knife
plate next to bowl
plate next barrel
look plate 

